---
title: managed-database-postgresql
displayName: Managed Database for PostgreSQL 
published: true
toc:
   --1--How it works: "how-does-it-work"
   --1--Supported versions: "supported-versions"
   --1--Key features: "key-features"
   --1--Use cases: "use-cases"
   --1--Billing: "billing"
   --1--Limitations: "limitations"
   --1--Use: "how-to-use"
pageTitle: Managed Database for PostgreSQL for Relational Databases | Gcore
pageDescription: Gcore Managed Database for PostgreSQL is a fully managed cloud solution designed to simplify management of relational databases.
---
# About Managed Database for PostgreSQL

<a hred="https://gcore.com/cloud/managed-database-postgresql" target="_blank">Gcore Managed Database for PostgreSQL</a> is a fully managed cloud solution designed to simplify management of relational databases. We take care of server maintenance and administration tasks, so you can focus on your application and users.

## How does it work?

A core of the Managed Database for PostgreSQL architecture is a PostgreSQL server. Each server is an instance of the PostgreSQL relational database management system. The server hosts the PostgreSQL engine, which processes SQL queries, manages data storage, and handles other database-related tasks. 

Once a PostgreSQL server is configured and provisioned, you can start using it. The server's configuration, including flavor, connection pooler mode, volume type, and more, is tailored to meet the specific needs of your applications and workloads.

Within each server, you can create multiple relational databases. Users and applications can interact with the server to store, retrieve, and manipulate data, while the underlying infrastructure handles server maintenance and management tasks.

## Supported versions

Gcore Managed Database for PostgreSQL currently supports PostgreSQL 13,14 and 15.

## Key features

Gcore Managed Database for PostgreSQL offers the following advantages:

1. Managed infrastructure: We handle the infrastructure, ensuring your database runs smoothly and securely.
2. Flexible instance configuration: Customize your database instance by choosing the vCPU/RAM size, storage capacity, and database configuration that best suits your specific load requirements.
3. High availability: We provide the high availability feature, which allows you to deploy two additional replicas to fail over if the primary server goes down. To increase data consistency, you can select the synchronous replication mode.
4. Security: You can restrict access to your data to the IP addresses from the access control list. 
5. Wide geography: Choose from a wide range of data center locations, ensuring low-latency access for users across the globe.

## Use cases

Managed Database for PostgreSQL can be the best fit for different industries and use cases: 

- Web Applications: Web and mobile app developers can manage databases for their projects more efficiently
- Analytics: Data analytics and business intelligence applications benefit from scalable and high-performance databases
- IoT (Internet of Things): Managed Database for PostgreSQL supports the storage and analysis of massive volumes of data generated by IoT devices
- E-commerce: Online retailers rely on Managed Database for PostgreSQL to handle large product catalogs and customer data

## Billing

During the beta testing period, you can use the service for free.

## Limitations

The database size limit is 100 GB. This limit is for the beta stage only. If you need a more extensive database size during beta—please get in touch with [support](mailto:support@gcore.com).

## How to use

We have prepared a <a href="https://gcore.com/docs/cloud/managed-database-for-postgresql/manage-postgresql-servers" target="_blank">guide on how to manage the service</a>: create a server, get credentials, update the version, login via psql client and pgAdmin.